\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename readme.info
@settitle Voneline Installation
@c %**end of header

@c DESCRIPTION: TexInfo: DOCUMENT source run through texinfo to produce README file
@c Use 'make README' to produce the output file
@c Before release, run C-u C-c C-u C-a (texinfo-all-menus-update)

@node Top, Copyright, (dir), (dir)
@chapter voneline

This is the voneline package.

@menu
* Copyright::                   
* Description::                 
* Obtaining Distribution::      
* Supported Systems::           
* Installation::                
@end menu

@node Copyright, Description, Top, Top
@section Copyright

This package is Copyright 1998-2006 by Wilson Snyder @email{wsnyder@@wsnyder.org}.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of either the GNU General Public License or the
Perl Artistic License.

This code is provided with no warranty of any kind, and is used entirely at
your own risk.

@node Description, Obtaining Distribution, Copyright, Top
@section Description

Voneline takes structural Verilog netlists and edits the whitespace so
that one instantiation occurs on a single line.  This makes it convienient
to grep and sort structural netlists. 

See @samp{man voneline} after installation.

@node Obtaining Distribution, Supported Systems, Description, Top
@section Obtaining Distribution

The latest version is available at 
@uref{http://www.veripool.com/voneline}

Download the latest package from that site, and decompress.
@samp{gunzip voneline_version.tar.gz ; tar xvf voneline_version.tar}

@node Supported Systems, Installation, Obtaining Distribution, Top
@section Supported Systems

This version of voneline has been built and tested on:

@itemize @bullet
@item sparc-sun-solaris2.6
@item i386-linux
@end itemize

It should be trivial to port to other platforms, provided FLEX (GNU lex)
is installed.

@node Installation,  , Supported Systems, Top
@section Installation

@enumerate
@item
@code{cd} to the directory containing this INSTALL notice.

@item
Type @samp{configure} to configure voneline for your system.

@item
Type @samp{make} to compile voneline.

@item
Type @samp{make install} to install the programs and any data files and
documentation.

@end enumerate
